SPCTR-3014: Fix - Separator mobile width issue in frontend (#3311)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Separator - Resolved an issue in which separator mobile width is not working as intended in frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Separator - Resolved an issue in which the separator mobile width would not work as intended in the frontend.
```

Author: done
